skills/ralplan/SKILL.md, before:

---
name: ralplan
description: Alias for /plan --consensus
---

# Ralplan (Consensus Planning Alias)

Ralplan is a shorthand alias for `/oh-my-claudecode:plan --consensus`. It triggers iterative planning with Planner, Architect, and Critic agents until consensus is reached.

## Usage

```
/oh-my-claudecode:ralplan "task description"
```

## Flags

- `--interactive`: Enables user prompts at key decision points (draft review in step 2 and final approval in step 6). Without this flag the workflow runs fully automated — Planner → Architect → Critic loop — and outputs the final plan without asking for confirmation.

## Usage with interactive mode

```
/oh-my-claudecode:ralplan --interactive "task description"
```

## Behavior

This skill invokes the Plan skill in consensus mode:

```
/oh-my-claudecode:plan --consensus <arguments>
```

The consensus workflow:
1. **Planner** creates initial plan
2. **User feedback** *(--interactive only)*: If `--interactive` is set, use `AskUserQuestion` to present the draft plan before review (Proceed to review / Request changes / Skip review). Otherwise, automatically proceed to review.
3. **Architect** reviews for architectural soundness — **await completion before step 4**
4. **Critic** evaluates against quality criteria — run only after step 3 completes
5. If Critic rejects: iterate with feedback (max 5 iterations)
6. On Critic approval *(--interactive only)*: If `--interactive` is set, use `AskUserQuestion` to present the plan with approval options (Approve and execute via ralph / Approve and implement via team / Clear context and implement / Request changes / Reject). Otherwise, output the final plan and stop.
7. *(--interactive only)* User chooses: Approve (ralph or team), Request changes, or Reject
8. *(--interactive only)* On approval: invoke `Skill("oh-my-claudecode:ralph")` for sequential execution or `Skill("oh-my-claudecode:team")` for parallel team execution -- never implement directly

> **Important:** Steps 3 and 4 MUST run sequentially. Do NOT issue both agent Task calls in the same parallel batch. Always await the Architect result before issuing the Critic Task.

Follow the Plan skill's full documentation for consensus mode details.

Commit message:

docs(ralplan): clarify ITERATE/REJECT re-review loop semantics (#992)

skills/ralplan/SKILL.md, after:

---
name: ralplan
description: Alias for /plan --consensus
---

# Ralplan (Consensus Planning Alias)

Ralplan is a shorthand alias for `/oh-my-claudecode:plan --consensus`. It triggers iterative planning with Planner, Architect, and Critic agents until consensus is reached.

## Usage

```
/oh-my-claudecode:ralplan "task description"
```

## Flags

- `--interactive`: Enables user prompts at key decision points (draft review in step 2 and final approval in step 6). Without this flag the workflow runs fully automated — Planner → Architect → Critic loop — and outputs the final plan without asking for confirmation.

## Usage with interactive mode

```
/oh-my-claudecode:ralplan --interactive "task description"
```

## Behavior

This skill invokes the Plan skill in consensus mode:

```
/oh-my-claudecode:plan --consensus <arguments>
```

The consensus workflow:
1. **Planner** creates initial plan
2. **User feedback** *(--interactive only)*: If `--interactive` is set, use `AskUserQuestion` to present the draft plan before review (Proceed to review / Request changes / Skip review). Otherwise, automatically proceed to review.
3. **Architect** reviews for architectural soundness — **await completion before step 4**
4. **Critic** evaluates against quality criteria — run only after step 3 completes
5. **Re-review loop** (max 5 iterations): Any non-`APPROVE` Critic verdict (`ITERATE` or `REJECT`) MUST run the same full closed loop:
   a. Collect Architect + Critic feedback
   b. Revise the plan with Planner
   c. Return to Architect review
   d. Return to Critic evaluation
   e. Repeat this loop until Critic returns `APPROVE` or 5 iterations are reached
   f. If 5 iterations are reached without `APPROVE`, present the best version to the user
6. On Critic approval *(--interactive only)*: If `--interactive` is set, use `AskUserQuestion` to present the plan with approval options (Approve and execute via ralph / Approve and implement via team / Clear context and implement / Request changes / Reject). Otherwise, output the final plan and stop.
7. *(--interactive only)* User chooses: Approve (ralph or team), Request changes, or Reject
8. *(--interactive only)* On approval: invoke `Skill("oh-my-claudecode:ralph")` for sequential execution or `Skill("oh-my-claudecode:team")` for parallel team execution -- never implement directly

> **Important:** Steps 3 and 4 MUST run sequentially. Do NOT issue both agent Task calls in the same parallel batch. Always await the Architect result before issuing the Critic Task.

Follow the Plan skill's full documentation for consensus mode details.
